Update README.md (#77)
webpack/tapable: README.md

# Tapable

> The tapable packages expose many Hook classes, which can be used to create hooks for plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tapable package exposes many Hook classes, which can be used to create hooks for plugins.
```

Author: Updated 👍

	constructor() {
		this.hooks = {

> 			accelerate: new SyncHook(["newSpeed"]),

Reviewer 2: Nice catch haha
